>> Lucas Ruebbelke: We
had some questions about,
are we going to talk about how
to integrate with a back end?
And the answer is yes, let me explain
what is happening in this application.
So the reason why we're using
npm-start and not ng serve is because
concurrently, we're running not
only the Angular CLI server,
but we're running a small JSON server.
And so you see this npm run server,
and what JSON server
does is it takes a,
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: Basically
a static JSON file and
converts it into a REST API.
And so if we go to port 3000,
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: You can see here that
we have two endpoints, items and widgets,
and so let me just boost this up.
And so, you can see here that it takes
essentially a key value collection, and
it turns it into a REST API here.
So now, items for instance, so
then you do forward slash one.
And it will return just this one, so
this is a really, really convenient
way to spin up a REST API.
So if don't take anything else today,
take this hashtag protip,
this is the easiest way
to get a REST API up and
running, is if you can just right out
in JSON, then boom you have a REST API.
Insomuch that, because rest is
conventional, like the verb, so
once you understand it you
can just do it all day long.
It doesn't matter if you're on .Net,
Ruby, whatever.
Is that I have been on projects
where the front-end team that
I was on was working faster than
the back-end team could produce REST APIs.
But because we agreed on the shape and the
endpoints, we just did it in JSON server,
and when they finished we just swapped
the endpoints out and we were good to go.
So the point is yes, we're going to
talk about how to integrate with
the back end via a REST API, we are just
running a very lightweight local one.
And so that is what is happening here.
So we're basically running
the front end app on port 4200, and
the back end REST API on port 3000.